Took him for CSC 424, not 382. First time taking the professor, and he genuinely just wants you to show up to his class and do well. I have lots of respect for him, and I wish I had taken more courses with him before graduating. I too, was intimidated by the rest of the reviews, but he's better than what the reviews make him seem.
He's fine but he needs to work on his communication skills based on the test reviews and lab instructions. Should tone down with the amount of exams he gives out. In general, he's an alright professor for the most part but he could've been better. That's all.
He's fine. I guess. Not the worst professor I take, but could be better. Lecture a bit baffling and maybe he should tone down the number of tests given. He's alright. That's all I can say.
Professor is an amazing instructor who truly cares about students' success. Their lectures are clear, engaging, and well-organized. They make even difficult topics easy to understand and are always willing to help during office hours. Highly recommend taking their class
honestly bros not even a bad guy hes just not good at teaching and just very condescending , i feel like within 220 and 315 lab i havent actually learned anything from him and he usually picks one guy to point out and bully which is a bit unofrt
Professor Jun Rao cares for his students. His reviews are amazing. If you pay attention to his reviews and his lecture notes you will do great in the class. He loves when his students do good in his exams, and I know his accent might be hard to understand but you will get used to it.
cant understand a word and teaches really bad he is a nice guy but would never take him again terrible.
bad professor he cant teach dont take him. his quizzes are hard
I love this guy
professor jun rao is not a bad professor however he does not know how to teach this class. he is very heavy on the quizzes and exams.
if he your only option drop the class there's no point. you will regret taking this prof a lot. you won't learn anything at all.