Genuinely cares whether you understand the topics and all, but if you don't pay attention of cant hear well, you will struggle, as her accent is hard to understand. But many inculding me werent taught certain things from prior classes, and she got upset with the fact that we weren't taught or knew what she was talking about.
Has accent, but much better than the worst I've had. Very nice at office hours. It seems like she has a high "would retake" so its more that the material is difficult
She might seem tough on the surface but she is definitely on your side. Her grading is pretty lenient, gives up to 30 points in extra credit questions on exams. Even if you don't do amazing on the exams, your HW, Labs, and Final project grade will help you in her grading scale. She's always open to giving proper feedback when asked.
Pretty good professor. She will dive deeply into algorithms. She gave one test and a final presentation. There are quite a few homework's and labs, all from clrs. She is very passionate about teaching, maybe a bit too passionate. Don't ask dumb or too simple questions because she could get annoyed and ask why u don't remember from 326.
Professor Huo's class shines a light on data structures. Using the board, she reveals why DS matters and how we use it. She writes on the board off the top, no PP. Always open to queries, she truly cares about student comprehension. For thorough DS understanding, take her class. Master C++ pointers; they're crucial. Group project at the end.
She taught the class super well. She was really tough with grading but gave opportunities for extra credit. Just pay attention in class and study
She's not as bad as the reviews on here. She was actually very engaging, knows the material and quite understanding. If you can get past the lil accent and concentrate, you'll pass the class. she is a tough grader though but gives a lot of extra credit to make up especially the quiz or mid exams. CSC 326 is a very hard class, don't expect an easy A
Sorriest excuse for a professor i have ever seen at csi. Her lecturing is god awful, the recordings were not only garbage quality, but also her display was placed alongside the icons of 20 other students, so you couldn't even see anything she was doing. Her exam could not be completed in the 3 hours given and students complained she mocked them.
Remote during COVID and she's streaming her lecture on an awful iphone 6 selfie camera so quality is awful. Encourages you to ask questions BUT will berate you for asking a "simple" question. Lectures as if students learned all the material already but not actually teaching
She is absolutely amazing. It is her teaching that got me my job before finishing college. Her teaching style sticks with you and you'll never forget things. Furthermore, she genuinely cares for her students. She always pushes you to go beyond what she requires and that's what helps you learn.
Yumei taught beyond what was needed to know, but it is always good to know more. She does have an accent and sometimes, its a bit hard to understand her. She gave a bit of homework, a midterm, a final and a final project (which you will have to present). Overall, she is a really good professor.
Professor Huo is strict, but it's beneficial - she wants her students to have a clear understanding of the concepts of data structures, as well as knowing how to implement them in code. Her lectures may be a bit challenging to comprehend, but if you constantly ask questions and study outside of class, you should be able to do well.