Great professor. Exams were straight from the assignments. Assignments were fair. Labs were tricky at first but got easier over time. He's also very nice!
Professor Zhang gave us a quiz every Thursday that we barely had enough time for, didn't teach the concepts too well, and got annoyed when someone asked something he thought we should know. He is a great person, however, and his tests aren't too bad, so you can still manage to get an A, but I would recommend taking someone else, if possible.
Yes, his class was quite tough, but it was totally worth it. I learned so much this semester in his class and was always interested. If you don't understand it, he'll first push you in trying to make you find your own answer, but if you still don't get it, he is more than happy to explain it to you. He is one of those professors you must take!
Zhang is awesome. He's very helpful and a great professor. His accent is a little rough in the beginning but you will get used to it. He helped us grow with programming skills beyond what we needed to know. And he gives a nice curve on tests.
If you do all your labs, and you understand what are you doing. You should get an A in his class.
If you speak english fluently he's easy to understand. He clearly knows C++ back and forth, highly recommended. If you want to actually learn programming this is the guy to take.
Great professor. Takes about a month to learn to understand his accent, but he reviews CSC126 stuff the first few months anyway, so who cares! His labs are pretty fun, as are his projects(though harder). Easy grader overall, tries to help you out. Tests are out of 130, but 100 is a perfect score. Rest of the points carry over to next tests.
Could not teach clearly if his life depended on it. His tests are hard and he is a tough grader and the lab works are over complicated.Most of the class dropped out, do not take him.
Demands a lot of work, labs and projects, test have a large curve in them. You only need 100 points to get an A in his tests but there is 130 points worth of questions. Teaches a lot of stuff and be prepared to work a lot and learn a lot. This review is for csc211 not any ENS.
first of all he's a fair grader but the work isn't fair b/c he can't explain as much. out of 30 students, 15 dropped 10 rarely come and out of the 5 that are left 3 of them actually know most of the topic b/c they took a similar course before. So if you just took CSC126 i don't recommend him!!
Excellent professor who was always very helpful during and after class. He is interested in his students doing well. His tests were straight forward and mirrored his reviews in most cases.