This has been one of the most useful and helpful courses I've taken at CSI. Now I understand why it's a required course, especially since technology is such a big part of everyday life today.
You'll probably not be seeing a lot of reviews for her anymore because of RMP making reviews more auto filtered.
Very nice professor, one of the best. No exams. The midterm project involved creating an intro CS level assignment and the final project was writing a written assignment on any Computer Science topic. Both required presentations. She's strict with grading, but fair course. She encourages "robot" use (RMP keeps blocking the word).
Very nice professor, one of the best. Doesn't give exams.
Professor is terrible, if you truely want to learn comp sci take it at a different school or learn it by yourself shes genuinely terrible
If you're new to Computer Science take her for CSC 126! I came into her class a little intimidated because this is my first ever computer science class but she explained every topic so well. She would always go above and beyond to ask/answer questions in order for us to fully understand everything she was teaching.
Sarah Zelikovitz was such a outstanding professer. She made coding understandable for beginners and always made sure to ask if the students have any issues. She always had a smile on her face while teaching and that made coming to class enjoyable.
Took her last semester, and she was definitely the best professor a beginner comp-sci student could have. She was always fair with her grading and gave opportunities to make up work for a better grade. Lectures were sometimes heavy, but she explained things well and was very open to questions and helping students. Highly recommend.
Overall very good professor, gives clear and valuable feedback, welcoming and friendly.
Professor Z is a great professor. She knows the topics well and makes the material simple to understand. Her lectures are a bit heavy at times but shes very understanding and will definitely help you become better in the c++ language.
Amazing professor. When u see her take her without any hesitate. She explains everything from zero. She dose a rivew every class.
he's a sweet/kind person and easy to talk to. In this class, you get what you make of it. If you don't like CS, you'll definitely end up zoning out or fall asleep because she goes through a lot of info. Advise: if you do not pass the department final, it's an automatic fail. But as long as you do your due-diligence with the class, you will pass.