He's a good teacher who explains topics well, is fair in grading, and can be funny at times. His Rate My Professor score doesn't reflect how good he actually is. He knows his material very well.
(Actual CSC 330) This guy has bad reviews for some reason but he's actually pretty good. His grading is point based rather than percentage based so you can only gain points. If you have 90 points, you don't take the final and if you're at most 10 points off he'll boost you to 90. He teaches decently, a little hard to understand and first but fine.
Great guy, going in I was scared based on the other reviews but he was genuinly a great professor who was clear in his grading, lectures, and policies. Pay attention and you can for sure get a good grade with some effort. Not a stressful course but a very important one as a CS major
Prof. Chen was a great professor for CSC330. The class is 1/2 theory, 1/2 coding, and he bases your grade on points from tests, quizzes, homework, and participation. He's really fair with grading and explains things well. You don't need to grind too much outside of class. I actually enjoyed it and he was chill and pretty funny. Highly recommended
These reviews probably came from the professor himself. Worst cs prof ive ever had.
If you want to learn algorithms take this professor. He doesn't teach code, he teaches concepts that are very important for cs professors. Attendence isnt mandatory but if you want to learn you have to attend. Probably the best CS class and one of the best professors in the department. He will be hard but it will be worth it
Honestly goated professor. Hes really tough but if you want to learn this is the professor to go to. Attend the lecture and pay attention to the questions and stuff he says because most of the stuff he talks about will be on the test. If you attend the lectures you will 100% pass the class. Very chill professor and pretty smart.
Alright professor. His grading system is simple to understand, earn 88-90+ points and skip the final. Lectures were a tad boring but manageable. Just read the textbook and understand it and you'll do fine. Make sure to understand your maths like linear alg or calc before taking this class. 3 tests and a final, some assignments, no hw.
For Machine Learning: He's a good junior/senior prof. His assignments/attendance are based on a point scale so you can get an A without taking the final (get 89+ pts) Go to class and catch his hints, ask questions. He follows the textbook religiously, so you can be ahead by reading it. Do well on the first exams, and you can coast to an easy A. gl!
Everything here is true, wish I never took him, really bad prof, if you have a choice, RUN.
He does NOT curve the final grade. He had to give us an additional optional assignment and 10 extra points on the final so the majority of the class would pass. Each exam had a class average of 50-60%. Professor was panicked all semester long and was extremely condescending and poor at explaining concepts. I learned about everything online myself.
CSC 382. Extremely disappointing and inadequate professor for such an important class.
Took him for 225. He teaches how to build websites with the help of tables. Boring and ask a lot in exam. Avoid at all cost.
Don't take this guy!!! he's the worse professor i've ever taken and he doesn't know how to explain the content he teaches.
Unbelievably awful. Extremely tough grader for someone who is very poor at his job.
I took him for CSC 228 but its not listed. Truly an awful professor. Grade is based solely on tests and quizzes, no HW. Reads directly from the textbook and does not explain concepts well or at all. You will end up learning from YouTube but good luck passing his extremely confusing exams. His grading system is truly unorthodox. TAKE ANYBODY ELSE.
I took him for CSC 382 (was not listed). He shows up everyday and wings it. His grading criteria is very picky and he never wants to give full credit on exam questions. He complains a lot when we ask for more material to practice. Not a good professor at all.