Chill professor, there is a new lab every other week on average and that's it, no exams, you don't really have to come in unless you need help or he's posting a new lab.
Previous review is misleading. Attendance is mandatory when new labs are assigned, but is otherwise not mandatory. It's not “You don't need to show up to class.” You have to show up when one lab is due and another lab is assigned.
No need to show up to the labs. Just complete them on your own time.
but despite the difficulty, he's one of the best professors for Computer Science. No exams in this course, just an intro lab and five additional labs (since we didn't have time for six). 5% of the grade means the lab is due in one week, 10% means two weeks, and 30% means three weeks. He's amazing, take him!
The lab portion of CSC332. The class is coded as in-person, but it's actually a hybrid asynchronous course in the sense that we only have to come to class when a lab is due/new lab is announced (he doesn't include this in the syllabus, for whatever reason). Very challenging course along with CSC332 in terms of material...
No need to show up in classes at all. Just submit labs. You can come to class if you have questions. He will help a lot and guide you.
Professor Parziale was a great professor who assigned labs that were challenging but very well worth the struggle. He has a clear grading criteria and explicitly states what needs to be included. The labs get more difficult as you progress but each build off each other. The labs can be difficult but he is there to help students and is understanding
Take him for 305. 1) Attendance isn't mandatory but he's there if you have any questions. 2) he is not a tough grader. 3) Allows late work with a small penalty.
The grading standards are clearly stated by the professor. He goes through the lab instructions with (inputs & outputs), and then let's you do the lab on your own. He will assist you if you are having difficulty and will try to debug code or lead you in the right direction. If you missed any labs, you can make them up at the end of the semester.
The most chilliest professor I ever had. We had total of 6 labs and he explains the lab thoroughly. He even show us the code and output on how it suppose to look like. On top of that, if you get a low score on your labs. You are allow to redo them before end of the semester.
The whole class was based off of 6 labs, no tests or papers. No lectures really, he just reads and explains the directions for the lab and the rest of the time is spent following them to finish it. He was always really helpful in answering any questions you have, but the only bad thing is he doesn't grade anything until the very last week.