1-A GOAT of a professor don't hate it till you try it he explains ok but if you ask a question he will exlain till you understand no glaze he actually good just show up pay attention and you will do fine he dose reviews before all exams and give practice exams. PS I ain't no teachers pet. Good Luck
2-He explains everything you need for each lab session. A little homework heavy, but that just means he makes sure you also carry your weight to deserve the grade you get. If you are willing to do the work (which is not hard btw) then you'd breeze through
3-A great professor who really knows his stuff and cares about his students understanding as well. His lectures were very informative and detailed, and he explains every concept and is willing to go over it as many times as necessary until a student understands. He's also very knowledgeable and is always willing to share his knowledge
4-Took him last semester for 347. Went way better then I expected since he is the chair of the CS department. He knows what he is doing and cares for his students. He will help you in the lab if needed and the 20 min explanation before you start the lab gives you clues on how to finish the lab so pay attention. Great prof overall, would take again!!
5-Very bad professor i don't even know what else to say , fails many students without any remorse literally had one more class to take and winded up failing because he failed me very cold , doesnt curse , doesnt help when needed , very stuck to his ways and will never give you a second chance to redo a lab or a exam you missed
6-I don't want to say he is a bad professor because he has a huge computer science knowledge, but you will end up studying a lot for a grade that does not reflect the effort you put on the class. You are definitely gonna have hard times but at the end of the course you will learn so much. (he screws up gpas as his favorite hobby though).
7-This professor makes you work for your grade. But he helps you during class and he even stays after class to help you. The midterm was hard but the final exam was a little easy.
8-The best. Sorry that i bothered you with my all emails. Thank you for everything.
9-The professor knows and explains the subject very well. Need to write lab reports. He stayed after the class to help me when I couldn't finish during the lab time.
10-Work is medium difficulty but if you ask Dr Zhang for help, he will help. I did have him in an online setting but I found that the he was very chill and easy going. Show up for lab and as long as you ask for help, there is no reason to no finish during the lab time. Some labs didn't need lab reports.