I previously took him for CSC 346/347. My May 30, 2024 CSC 346 review still applies for CSC 446, except that he gave two tests instead of three. Midterm easy, but the final slightly hard. The class material was very fun to learn, but the later half of the semester gets annoying with the diagrams. Easy class, overall.
I've had this professor for 220, 346, 347, and finally 446. He is hands down the best Computer science professor i've had in my three years so far. His lectures are very helpful, and the exams are very similar to the homeworks. Take this professor.
N Ali Mohamed Nederland
CSC347: The lab portion of CSC346. His exams were fairly easy (midterm more so than final). He assigned lab reports three times (which were somewhat annoying) and assigned homework every week. Despite this, the class was very easy and so was the material. Too much work for a one credit class, but he is definitely worth taking for this class.
CSC346: He's very nice and funny, but if I had to be honest, I thought I was failing the class for most of the semester because of the first exam. However, the second and final exams made up for it. Homework was easy along with the material. His lectures were very resourceful. He's also very good looking.
Professor Ali is a great professor. He knows what he is talking about and will test his students accordingly. His lectures are great but it is a lot of material that needs to be known. He understands his students situations and will try his best to accommodate everyone. I highly recommend him but the class is not easy so you will have to work.
Great professor but the class will require a lot of work and attention. Took him last semester and he was amazing. Very knowledgeable in the subject so he can answer any questions. Class was NOT easy, if you don't put in effort you wont pass. Pay attention and do the hw's and you should be fine. Highly recommend him for this class!!
Explain everything clearly!
Chill professor. Highly recommend taking their section for digital circuits. The content for digital circuits can be difficult and heavy, but Professor Ali structurally breaks down the concepts for easier understanding. Do attend the lectures as the procedures that are taught will be carried over into exams and HW's.
One of the best CS professors at CSI. Homeworks were a bit time-consuming but he was willing to extend the deadlines for them on multiple occasions and the exams are 80% homework questions and 20% notes from class. As long as you complete and submit all your hws on time and take notes then you should be fine. Also, he's very caring and patient.
Solid professor. Homeworks were time-consuming but he was willing to extend the deadlines for them on multiple occasions. Tests were similar to the homeworks but still somewhat difficult. He's a generous grader when it comes to the final grades. I got bumped up a full letter grade.
One of the best professor of the CSI, be ready to have a lot of homework but the good thing is that the exams are 80% homework questions with different values or different procedures. He is very kind.
He is a very good professor; he is young so he understands 100% what it means to be a student and hehas no problem pushing deadlines. The class was difficult and you definitely have to put effort in it to get a good grade. He is always ready to help and to go over something untill you understand it. He also curves under certain circumstances
He's a nice professor. 346 is a very difficult class, especially towards the end. His homework can be very time-consuming.
Easy exams, all based on the review sheet. Always ready to help. Very caring.
I really enjoyed taking his class. If you show up, do the homework and study the material before exams, you should get a really good grade. As far as CSI's compsci professors go, he's one of the best ones.
Good professor the only downside is sometimes he can go over material quickly but you just have to tell him to go over it again and youll be fine. Hw assignments can be hard and takes a lot of time to complete, so be ready for that .
He's nice but he's also kind of unprofessional. Sometimes it feels like I'm being taught by another student who's just guessing their way through things.
THE MOST HARDWORKING PROFESSOR. HE WILL NEVER TAKE A SHORTCUT IN YOUR CLASS. IS THE BEST
Professor Ali is such an amazing teacher. He explains everything very clear and helps you with anything you need. One of my favorite professors at CSI. The material can be a little difficult but he breaks it down for you. He is great!
